This is BitchX 1.2.2, based on the 1.2SVN copies (from caf). This is slightly different
than the SVN copies, as I've taken it upon myself to go through and fix tons of compiler warnings, security issues,
logic issues, useless features, etc. This is far from done, as I have to be careful changing things.

A quick rant:

I made it known to a few people I was working on BitchX and they said 'stop working on a dead client and use irssi'.  Honestly, irssi looks like mIRC
had a child with ircii, and it doesn't impress me (at all).

I prefer BitchX because I've been using it for it's entire lifetime, and I don't see a need to change to another client. BitchX does everything for me, and it's stable (and this branch is pretty secure), and
I don't need to download perl scripts or anything for shitlist commands, or operview, or the likes.

So you're asking, why did BitchX fall from grace? One reason is panasync stopped being active in development during the golden days of IRC. I assume (from talks) that he simply got burnt out from doing it and
just silently left IRC. While I understand his need to go away, he never released his tcl source which caused scripting to come to a halt because there were many people eager to do tcl scripting, but the source
to tcl.c wasn't released at that time. The other reasons are the DDoS attacks on efnet that crippled the network, preventing development because nobody could 'talk' to anyone in #bitchx because of the
netsplits.

Once this occured, the 1.0 branches were full of bugs that nobody fixed because there was no development team that had a central leader, panasync was gone, novalogic ran the bitchx domains but he went missing. Most
of the users in #bitchx were simply lurkers.

There are still a lot of ancient crude from the 90s still present in the client (cdcc stuff, mirc kicking on colors), modules that don't work (aim, napster, etc) that
I am slowly removing, and setting flood protection off.

At some point, I want to do the following

- Remove mirc color kicking stuff
- Alter flood protection to be more modern
- Redo userlists
- Redo kickban stuff
- Get rid of all modules that don't work or aren't modern
[more to come]

